Each of our heroes arrives in [[Pawlus]] the day before the festivities are to begin. During your travels, as you came from smaller roads and more distant places, the roads became more populated both with your fellow travelers and imperial guards ensuring their safety. Before the large gates of the city, attendants in tabards emblazoned with the imperial crest direct groups of Shoony to various tents. There, a city official clears them for entry and provides their lodging information, ensuring that passage into the city is both safe and quick. Inside the gates, the city is a raucous counterpoint to the efficient bureaucratic machine on the opposite side of the wall. Bards and mummers on every corner clamor for the attention of anyone but the city guards, whose Sisyphean duty for the day seems to be carting off any repeat offenders just to have them replaced with a newcomer mere moments after. Street vendors hawk their wares and your sensitive noses are bombarded with the scents of roasting meat, ripe fruits, and baking confections. The festival may not have started officially, but the citizens of Pawlus see little point in making their hungry and road-weary countrymen wait to begin spending their coin. Criers roam the streets, ensuring that all are aware of the festivities to begin tomorrow, and where and when the Imperial events will be taking place. 

It is difficult for Shoony, social as they are, not to be swept up in the energy of the gathering, and even the most stone-faced imperial guard can't help but perform his duties with a good-natured humor in the face of that. There is an air of joviality that permeates the city, and a sense of excited anticipation as rumors flit among the populace that this Fetchtival will truly be something incredible. It must be! The Great Fetch has never before aligned with the [[Feast of Aroden]] - a celebration of the god's creation of this realm for his beloved followers- and on the day of the Chompion selection, no less. 

The festivities begin with the drawing of sticks, a lottery in nod to Aroden's role in prophecy. Ambrosius or, as he has introduced himself several times, "Eggs Benedict" discovers that he already had a stick in his pocket. 

Once the sticks are distributed, the parade begins. At the front of the procession are the nobility and clergy, headed by [[Emperawr Barktholomew the Boofer]] and [[Godhowler Louix Garou]], followed by the bishops and kings of the other kingdoms. The parade ends in the square outside the [[Moonstone Cathedral]]. The Godhowler activates the sticks, which become sparklers directing the holder to the other members of their randomly chosen group.

The music kicks up again to welcome back the returning Chompions, atop their massive four-legged dog companion, [[Aroo]]. Aroo returns [[The Crimson Orb]] to the altar in the Moonstone Cathedral and, his duty complete, dissipates into the divine power accumulated across the Fetch, and the orb disperses it across the land. The Godhowler leads a howl in remembrance of Aroo, and in celebration of the completion of the Fetch. The Fetchtival begins, and Shoony hustle about the square to set up stalls and games. Hawkers and merchants shout their wares from their stalls. 

# The Fetchtival
The Fetchtival spans 3 days. There are a core group of games available to play on any day, and special games available each day that relate to the grand games of the day. 
