---
title: Welcome to The Great Fetch
draft: false
tags:
---
[[Objectives]] +++ [[Session Notes]] +++ [[World Map]]
---
Our story takes place in a world lost to memory, an unintended secret with the vanishing of its god. A demiplane within the divine realm of [[Aroden]], lost and unclaimed since his passing, holds secrets unknown to even his dearest disciples. In the depths of this realm lies an empire of the beings he created to be his most loyal companions, the Shoony. Unlike their material plane counterparts, these Shoony have a greatly varied appearance, with some that would not be recognizable as the same species to most. They carry on in the absence of their creator, maintaining a kind of ecosystem within the divine realm that protects and invigorates it. 

Central to this cause is a ritual known as "[[The Great Fetch]]". The time between the ritual varies, as it is dependent on the Shoony selected to complete it. All Shoony in the demiplane instinctively sense the approach of the ritual, and many gather in the Imperial Capital, [[Pawlus]], to join in the revelry or in secret hope that they may be selected as one of the honored [[Chompions of the Fetch Quest]]. The culmination of the ritual is the [[Transference of the Crimson Orb]], where the Chompions return the divine artifact known as [[The Crimson Orb]] to the Pontiff of Pawlus, currently his eminence, the [[Godhowler Louix Garou]]. The pontiff accepts the Orb and returns it to its resting place atop the altar in the [[Moonstone Cathedral]] at the center of Pawlus, where any Shoony may bask in its divine glow and offer their devotion and thanks for the prosperity granted by Aroden's instrument. The Emperawr, currently his Imperial Majesty, [[Emperawr Barktholomew the Boofer]], declares a festival day, and the Chompions are encouraged to regale the city with tales of their quest (usually assisted by a court bard if there are none among the group able to spin a good yarn). For three days, the festivities carry on, the Crimson Orb glowing brighter with every fervent prayer and joyous cheer. 

After the three days of revelry, the pontiff will remove the Crimson Orb from the altar, calling a ceremony in the square before the Moonstone Cathedral. The clerics of Pawlus offer their prayers to Aroden, and the gathered Shoony do the same. New Chompions are selected by the divine artifact before it rises into the air and speeds off into the distance, leaving one command echoing in the ears of its chosen: "Fetch."
